Stage 1. - 1 point
Files: Program.cs
 
a) In Main function use lambda expression to sort array of integer numbers from positive to negative and then by their absolute values.
    You can only write code inside brackets ints.Sort(...); expression.
   
b) In Main function use lambda expression to calculate absolute value of the sum of negative elements in the ints array. Result should be stored in "absSum" variable.
    You can only write code inside brackets of ints.ForEach(...); expression.
   
Stage 2. - 1.5 point
Files: Functions.cs
Class: BaseFunctions

You are not allowed to use lambda expressions here, you have to use delegates

a) Add public static method ConstantFunction which takes parameter of type double "d", and returns function which takes one parameter of type double "x" and returns value of "d". 

b) Add public static method QuadraticFunction which takes three parameters of type double "a", "b", "c" and returns function which takes one parameter of type double "x" and returns
    value of quadratic formula: ax^2 + bx + c
    
c) Add public static method PolynomialFunction which takes variable number of parameters (params keyword) of type double "tab" and returns function which takes one parameter of type double "x" 
    and computes the value of polynomial at point "x". "tab" parameter specifies coefficients of the polynomial, tab[0] is a coefficient next to "x" to the highest power.
    Use Horner's method.
    
Stage 3. - 1 point
Files: Functions.cs
Class: FunctionsManipulator

You have to use lambda expressions here.

a) Add public static method Max which takes two parameters f and g which are functions that take and return one parameter of type double each, method should return
    function that takes one parameter of type double "x" and returns maximum of the f,g at "x". 

b) Add public static method Difference which takes two parameters f and g which are functions that take and return one parameter of type double each, method should return
    function that takes one parameter of type double "x" and returns the absolute value of the difference of the f,g at "x".
    
c) Add public static method CombineFunctions which takes two parameters f and g which are functions that take and return one parameter of type double each, method should return
    function that takes one parameter of type double "x" and returns function composition (f ∘ g) of the f,g at "x".

Stage 3. - 1 point
Files: Functions.cs, Program.cs
Class: ExtensionMethods

In Function.cs:

a) Add extension method InvokeAction to the IEnumerable<int> interface which takes one parameter specifying an action to perform on each element of the collection. Method should perform
    that action on every element of the collection. Return type is void.
    
b) Add extension method Transform to the IEnumerable<double> interface which takes one parameter "fun" which is a function that takes and returns one parameter of type double. Method should return
    a list containing results of the "fun" function performed on all elements of the collection. Return type is List<double>.
    
    Hints: 
    1) To create list use "new List<double>()".
    2) To add element to list use "list.Add()" method.
    
In Program.cs:

a) Write action which prints the parity of the integer number.
    Action should be passed to "ints.InvokeAction(...)" expression.
b) Write function which rounds numbers that are between 0 and 1.
    Function should be passed to "doubles.Transform(...)" expression.
     